# seaborn.residplot

```py
seaborn.residplot(x, y, data=None, lowess=False, x_partial=None, y_partial=None, order=1, robust=False, dropna=True, label=None, color=None, scatter_kws=None, line_kws=None, ax=None)
```

Plot the residuals of a linear regression.

This function will regress y on x (possibly as a robust or polynomial regression) and then draw a scatterplot of the residuals. You can optionally fit a lowess smoother to the residual plot, which can help in determining if there is structure to the residuals.

| Parameters: | **x** : vector or string

> Data or column name in &lt;cite&gt;data&lt;/cite&gt; for the predictor variable.

**y** : vector or string

> Data or column name in &lt;cite&gt;data&lt;/cite&gt; for the response variable.

**data** : DataFrame, optional

> DataFrame to use if &lt;cite&gt;x&lt;/cite&gt; and &lt;cite&gt;y&lt;/cite&gt; are column names.

**lowess** : boolean, optional

> Fit a lowess smoother to the residual scatterplot.

**{x, y}_partial** : matrix or string(s) , optional

> Matrix with same first dimension as &lt;cite&gt;x&lt;/cite&gt;, or column name(s) in &lt;cite&gt;data&lt;/cite&gt;. These variables are treated as confounding and are removed from the &lt;cite&gt;x&lt;/cite&gt; or &lt;cite&gt;y&lt;/cite&gt; variables before plotting.

**order** : int, optional

> Order of the polynomial to fit when calculating the residuals.

**robust** : boolean, optional

> Fit a robust linear regression when calculating the residuals.

**dropna** : boolean, optional

> If True, ignore observations with missing data when fitting and plotting.

**label** : string, optional

> Label that will be used in any plot legends.

**color** : matplotlib color, optional

> Color to use for all elements of the plot.

**{scatter, line}_kws** : dictionaries, optional

> Additional keyword arguments passed to scatter() and plot() for drawing the components of the plot.

**ax** : matplotlib axis, optional

> Plot into this axis, otherwise grab the current axis or make a new one if not existing.

 |
| --- | --- |
| Returns: | ax: matplotlib axes

> Axes with the regression plot.

 |
| --- | --- |

See also

Plot a simple linear regression model.marginal distrbutions.